\" Manpage for adva-sdcard-smart
.TH ADVA-SDCARD-SMART 8 "2025-03-17" "adva-sdcard-1.0.0" "Advamation SD-card tools"
.SH NAME
adva-sdcard-smart \- parse raw SMART-information from microSD-/SD-card
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBadva-sdcard-smart\fR [\fB\-h\fR] (\fB\-a\fR|\fB\-e\fR) [\fB\-p\fR|\fB\-j\fR] [\fB\-d\fR \fIDEVICE\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fIsmartdata\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Parse raw SMART-information from industrial microSD-/SD-card.
.br
For details, see adva-sdcard/README.md.
.PP
Note that this does not work with USB-cardreaders.
.PP
Supported cards:
.in +4n
.EX
\- Transcend 240I
\- Transcend 230I
\- Apacer CH110\-MSD / AK6.118*
\- Apacer CV110\-MSD / AK6.112*
\- Apacer H2\-SL / AP\-*\-2RTM
\- Apacer H1\-SL / AP\-*\-2HTM
\- Apacer H2\-M  / AP\-*\-1RTM
\- Apacer H1\-M  / AP\-*\-1HTM
.EE
.in
.SH OPTIONS
.SS "positional arguments:"
.TP
.I smartdata
file containing raw SMART\-data, default: stdin
.SS "optional arguments:"
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-all\fR
Show all SMART\-data.
.TP
\fB\-e\fR, \fB\-\-endurance\fR
Show only remaining endurance (as integer in percent).
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-parsable\fR
Print output in parsable format.
.TP
\fB\-j\fR, \fB\-\-json\fR
Print output in JSON format.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR \fIDEVICE\fR, \fB\-\-device\fR \fIDEVICE\fR
Retrieve raw SMART\-data directly from SD\-card via
adva-sdcard-smart-get (instead of 'smartdata').
.TP
.B -\-version
Show program's version number and exit.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.EX
0:   success
2:   invalid commandline-parameters
5:   cannot read from device (EIO)
22:  invalid CID data (EINVAL)
130: aborted (e.g. via Ctrl-C) (ECONNABORTED)
errno: error from adva-sdcard-smart-get
.EE
.SH AUTHORS
Advamation / Roland Freikamp <support@advamation.de>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR adva-scard-smart-get (8),
.BR adva-sdcard-info (8),
adva-sdcard/README.md
